README.md, before:

# Arduino Beginner Projects
Contains all the codes that I wrote to learn Arduino UNO as a beginner. 
Some of these projects will be as simple as connecting LEDs but thats significant in the part of learning.

### Project List
- Blinking LED
- Traffic Lights
- Controlling LED with button
- Controlling LED with serial monitor
- Breathing effect using LED
- Flowing lights using LED
- Hello World using LCD Display
- Textsaver program using LCD Display
- Displaying serial input on LCD Display

### How do I run the projects?
Clone the repo to any directory and open the same. After doing all the necessary circuitry, open the project file
and make the modifications as necessary and verify them using Arduino IDE. Once, everything is correct,
upload the same to the Arduino UNO board and watch the fun.

### So what's Pending?
As of now the major focus is on learning the code writing part of Arduino so the corresponding circuit
diagrams aren't included with this repo. Once the projects have been done, the repo will be restructured
to include the relevant circuitries too.

Commit message:

7 segment display loop
basic program to loop through all the possible characters
that can be displayed on a 7 segment display

README.md, after:

# Arduino Beginner Projects
Contains all the codes that I wrote to learn Arduino UNO as a beginner. 
Some of these projects will be as simple as connecting LEDs but thats significant in the part of learning.

### Project List
- Blinking LED
- Traffic Lights
- Controlling LED with button
- Controlling LED with serial monitor
- Breathing effect using LED
- Flowing lights using LED
- Hello World using LCD Display
- Textsaver program using LCD Display
- Displaying serial input on LCD Display
- Looping through the characters supported by 7 segment display

### How do I run the projects?
Clone the repo to any directory and open the same. After doing all the necessary circuitry, open the project file
and make the modifications as necessary and verify them using Arduino IDE. Once, everything is correct,
upload the same to the Arduino UNO board and watch the fun.

### So what's Pending?
As of now the major focus is on learning the code writing part of Arduino so the corresponding circuit
diagrams aren't included with this repo. Once the projects have been done, the repo will be restructured
to include the relevant circuitries too.
